boss
Another bottle of wine
Why does this person look so familiar?
It seems to be the host of "Financial News" on the Asian Union Channel
Xu Shiyang
Right
It's Xu Shiyang
She's pretty.
Work ability is also outstanding
I love watching this show because of her
But I heard she was in deep debt
"Financial News" has been discontinued because of her.
In that case
Let's give her a chance to make money
Allow live streaming hosting
Let's continue drinking in another place.
Don't you touch me
I can walk by myself
Isn't this Zhou Yanjing, the noble son of Harbor City?
Do you come to this little place to drink too?
Are you drunk?
i
Xu Shiyang
A live streaming host who can't even keep her own show
You live by the sea, you have to care so wide
Mr. Zhou
A live streaming host like me
You should have it at your fingertips.
Why bother to condescend
Come find me yourself
Xu Shiyang
You'd better shut up.
You put me down
Do not touch me